Disambiguate Deed term (#166)
Meeds-io/whitepaper: en/2-deeds.md

## 2.1. NFT – Deeds defined

> A non fungible token (NFT) is a unique token that represents a good. In the WoM, a Deed is used as a title of ownership. Each Deed gives its owner a right to access several services - for instance, an access to a community hub, powered by the Meeds software and Mintium rewards (see 2.6).

Author: thanks for the feedback @Gedet27 but this sentence is not related to the goal of the PR (disambiguate the Deed term.  I will handle it in a separate task. Could you open an issue about it here please https://github.com/Meeds-io/whitepaper/issues ?

In an increasingly competitive market, in order to attract and retain talents and maximize their input, organizations need to incentivize their users beyond simple compensation. The WoM provides an innovative framework to do that by tokenizing work engagement.

Each Deed’s holder or renter can provide tools and services to its users, who earn engagement points that can be fine-tuned to the Deed’s priorities. Periodically, points are converted into Meeds (and - for DAOs - potentially another token), based on a predefined budget. In that manner, users’ engagement in activities that matter to the organization is rewarded.

To begin with, the following free services provided by the Meeds association can be used to reward engagement:

- **Gamification engine** – automatic actions within the WoM have a weight in points, that can be fine-tuned to the organization’s priorities via customizable engagement programs.
- **Challenges** – customizable challenges can be set up to represent achievements. Challenges are preset by one person and can be full-filled and announced as such by another. Challenges carry a weight in points, within customizable engagement programs.

> - **Customizable engagement programs** - organizations can create their own engagement programs matching their business goals and priorities. Programs are associated to automatic actions within the system and manually set challenges. Each program has a set Meeds budget. Periodically points earned by each user through automatics or announced actions in each engagement program are converted into Meeds, based on that program’s budget.

Reviewer: Organizations can create THEIR engagement programs to match their business goals and priorities
"their" should not be used together with "own"

Reviewer 2: 👍

In an increasingly competitive market, in order to attract and retain talents and maximize their input, organizations need to incentivize their users beyond simple compensation. The WoM provides an innovative framework to do that by tokenizing work engagement.

Each Deed’s holder or renter can provide tools and services to its users, who earn engagement points that can be fine-tuned to the Deed’s priorities. Periodically, points are converted into Meeds (and - for DAOs - potentially another token), based on a predefined budget. In that manner, users’ engagement in activities that matter to the organization is rewarded.

To begin with, the following free services provided by the Meeds association can be used to reward engagement:

- **Gamification engine** – automatic actions within the WoM have a weight in points, that can be fine-tuned to the organization’s priorities via customizable engagement programs.
- **Challenges** – customizable challenges can be set up to represent achievements. Challenges are preset by one person and can be full-filled and announced as such by another. Challenges carry a weight in points, within customizable engagement programs.

> - **Customizable engagement programs** - organizations can create their engagement programs to match their business goals and priorities. Programs are associated to automatic actions within the system and manually set challenges. Each program has a set Meeds budget. Periodically points earned by each user through automatics or announced actions in each engagement program are converted into Meeds, based on that program’s budget.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Customizable engagement programs** - organizations can create their engagement programs to match their required goals and priorities in other to enhance maximum productivity. Programs are associated to automatic actions within the system and manually set challenges. Each program has a set Meeds budget. Periodically points earned by each user through automatics or announced actions in each engagement program are converted into Meeds, based on that program’s budget.
```

Reviewer 3: I believe the word business is not the right choice of word under this context and the reason for the engagement programs should be stated

> - **Customizable engagement programs** - organizations can create their engagement programs to match their business goals and priorities. Programs are associated to automatic actions within the system and manually set challenges. Each program has a set Meeds budget. Periodically points earned by each user through automatics or announced actions in each engagement program are converted into Meeds, based on that program’s budget.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **Customizable engagement programs** - organizations can create their engagement programs to match their business goals and priorities. Programs are associated with automatic actions within the system and manually set challenges. Each program has a set Meeds budget. Periodically points earned by each user through automatic or announced actions in each engagement program are converted into Meeds, based on that program’s budget.
```

In an increasingly competitive market, in order to attract and retain talents and maximize their input, organizations need to incentivize their users beyond simple compensation. The WoM provides an innovative framework to do that by tokenizing work engagement.

> Each Deed’s holder or renter can provide tools and services to its users, who earn engagement points that can be fine-tuned to the Deed’s priorities. Periodically, points are converted into Meeds (and - for DAOs - potentially another token), based on a predefined budget. In that manner, users’ engagement in activities that matter to the organization is rewarded.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Each Deed’s holder or renter can set and achieve fine-tuned organizational priorities by creating contribution programs for community members who earn engagement points that are Periodically converted into Meeds token (and - for DAOs - potentially another token), based on a predefined budget. In that manner, users’ engagement in activities that matter to the organization is rewarded.
```

Reviewer 3: I do not believe that tools and services are the right words to be used for the creation of task for contributors and I also felt the Meeds that points are converted to, should be Meeds token or $Meeds

> - Physical office space

Reviewer 5: Virtual office space

- Physical office space
- Etc.

The store functions through the use of Meeds so that Meeds are partially returned to the community.

## 2.5. Rewards – Meeds and other tokens

The WoM will tokenize users engagement, by gamifying digital work tools, and attributing points and Meeds in relation to work engagement.
Services plugged into the engagement and reward engine attribute points to each user, according to their engagement level and in line with each Hub's engagement programs.
Indeed, each community can fine-tune the amount of points given for each type of activity. Thus, pushing some code in GitHub may be worth 10 points for an IT shop, while a digital agency may attribute only 5 points for GitHub pushes but would offer 10 points for retweets.

Periodically, the rewarding engine converts engagement points into Meeds according to budgets and other distribution rules and ultimately rewards the users via their wallets. The Hub is not required to distribute Meeds and can use the engagement system to enable some other form of compensation program. However, distributing Meeds will improve its minting capacity.

> Moreover, the community does not necessarily need to acquire Meeds in order to distribute them and fuel its engagement programs, as it will get Meeds from the “mintium” model, described below.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Moreover, the space does not necessarily need to acquire Meeds in order to distribute them and fuel its engagement programs, as it will get Meeds from the “mintium” model, described below.
```
